hello friends welcome to another video
tutorial brought by jota to systems the
tutorial that we bring you today is very
simple is like watching free movies at
through windows 8 for an application
that has the store for those who do not
you know of 128 apps can be installed
free of the store that brings by default
let's enter
at the beginning
we click on the store
and here we can find the applications
that we want many as I said it is
free the one that we have been in that
moment they have been tutorial that what
call free movies
we looked for it
we click on the icon
and we give him to install
since I install the application now
let's enter
out different types of categories in
the store there are not the ones not in the
latest movies but so we can
find several good movies we're going
to enter the action category for
validate valid there are films from 2009
2003 2011 there are quite a few movies
we go
for example, click on this style
Italian
I do not understand why they can see the
application running I hope you have them
liked and remember to comment subscribe
to this channel and share this video
see you soon
I had always paid
ah